The program I have chosen for my first GitHub repository is what I consider to be my first C++ program. The prompt was to write a program to help teach students about investing and compound interest by showing them how their investments grow over time. It allows the user to enter in their initial investment, monthly deposits, annual interest, and number of years in order to print out two reports calculating every year with and without making monthly payments. 
I was particularly proud of how I was able to ensure a positive number was entered after each prompt. I requested either a number instead of words, or a positive number depending on which error the user made with their information entry. I also thought getting my "Press any key to continue . . ." prompt to work was pretty cool. 
An area in which I could enhance my code would be in the displaying of my numbers in the two final reports. I have the numbers on each line print out after so many spaces rather than lining the last numbers up together. Doing so would have made my numbers cleaner, easier to read, and more professional. 
I am not personally very well informed when it comes to how compound intrest works, and therefore I would say the part of this program which I found the most challenging was getting my reports to give me the correct numbers. I spent a lot of time trying to figure out how my program was written incorrectly only to eventually figure out I was calculating it incorrectly. While working through my issues throughout this class, the website Stackoverflow.com is one tool I will be for sure adding to my support network for future programming challenges. 
This program is also the first time I implemented a class within a C++ program. While I do not personally enjoy working with classes while programming, I am sure I will expand upon what I have accomplished here in future programming projects whether they be in future classes, personal projects, or professional opportunities. 
I made this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable through the use of various functions, such as displayMenu(), as well as my investment class, which was used to manage user entered data. I also incorporated plenty of notes throughout my program to ensure it is clear what I was trying to accomplish at every stage of my program. 
